Release - v1.1.0 - British Beans on Toast (#268)
nf-core/funcscan: docs/usage.md

When the annotation is run with Prokka, the resulting `.gbk` file passed to antiSMASH may produce the error `translation longer than location allows` and end the pipeline run. This Prokka bug has been reported before (see [discussion on GitHub](https://github.com/antismash/antismash/discussions/450)) and is not likely to be fixed soon.

> > ⚠️ If antiSMASH is run for BGC detection, we recommend to **not** run Prokka for annotation but instead use the default annotation tool (Pyrodigal) or switch to Prodigal, or Bakta (the latter to bacteria only!).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ If antiSMASH is run for BGC detection, we recommend to **not** run Prokka for annotation but instead use the default annotation tool (Pyrodigal) or switch to Prodigal, or (for bacteria only!) Bakta.
```

nf-core/funcscan offers multiple tools for annotating input sequences. Bakta is a new tool touted as a bacteria-only successor to the well-established Prokka.

> To supply the preferred Bakta database (and not have the pipeline download at every new run), use the flag `--annotation_bakta_db_localpath`. The full or light Bakta database must be downloaded from the Bakta Zenodo archive, the link of which can be found on the [Bakta GitHub repository](https://github.com/oschwengers/bakta#database-download).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To supply the preferred Bakta database (and not have the pipeline download it for every new run), use the flag `--annotation_bakta_db_localpath`. The full or light Bakta database must be downloaded from the Bakta Zenodo archive, the link of which can be found on the [Bakta GitHub repository](https://github.com/oschwengers/bakta#database-download).
```

And then passed to the pipeline with:

```bash

> --annotation_bakta_db_localpath /<path>/<to>/db/

Reviewer: it sounds like this option is oriented towards HPC or laptop users, but will it also work for cloud storage (AWS S3, GCP CS, etc.)?

Author: @jfy133 expertise? Would something like `bakta --db [path of S3 bucket]` work? In the `funcscan.nf` file, we pass a channel with the path to the module.

Reviewer 2: I _think_ it should work as I believe any `*Path` Nextflow function will stage accordingly, but I think it would still be _safer_ to load this with `file()` and pass it in like that - because that way it will definitely support resolving both filesystem paths and URLs.

Also @jasmezz you didn't add this path to `checkPathParamList` on line 13 of funcscan.nf (sorry my oversight while reviewing).

Author: Huh, yes it is present in line 13 of funcscan.nf! :eyes:

Author: Let's optimize how we provide paths for the next release. It should also affect other parameters than this one. (The next tools release is just around the corner, so...)
